again thank you for being here this is
really exciting I know I meet this
campus been fantastic so I want to
introduce us and tell you a little bit
about ipfs and how we love the community
and particularly I think about fertile
school which is a really exciting
development here and utilize and more
generally about how do you foster and do
well so I you know we I'm Dan doesn't
have so we each run a different chapter
fertile school and each organized
community for I'll give us in our local
areas so obviously we're global
interplanetary soon to be right so cool
so with that like thinking about
community in general why do you want to
Stuart especially in a technical
community like something more than just
this where I know we could be in
isolation just programming and thinking
through things but we're social
creatures right so what we really need
is these to face interaction you know
look this is you know some develop or
trap last year and now we're here and
I'm invest can right it's healthy and
energizing and it gets everybody moving
and accelerates the stuff that we do
individually when we come together and
celebrate some of that stuff so really
why do we want to do this is well I
think it's all about the intrinsic step
especially an open source right it's
about we want to see something happen
it's together we can do it together so
really that's that's water right here so
and then beyond just that like what's
community balance why would you actually
want to devote your time and energy to
organizing and leading this thing and I
know for me personally opportunities and
motivation is really what drives me is
that this responsibility this kind of
like thing that I'm putting on me it's
like homework for me is putting these
milestones that I have to achieve
so it helps incentivize me to do what I
really want to help us achieve as well
as professional development if you want
to lead one of these groups like it
really enables you to do some cool stuff
I mean like the example I get to be here
because of some of the work that I've
been invited to do which is awesome you
know so you get to be the frontline of
basically when people hear about
whatever your community is if I get best
on this case they come to you first
and you get to help connect people to
that so that's pretty awesome so if this
kind of inspires if you like ipfs but
you also want to help really evangelize
for I give us and bring us all together
how can you do it it really is first
things first I think it's doing some
investigation right you want to figure
out who else is here you know it could
just be you maybe but that's okay it's a
good place to start if there are other
people though I think we all work better
together
so find them identify them reach out and
ask if you can be collaborative and it
doesn't have to be like if I
specifically or whatever community
you're talking about it's related groups
like for instance I run a lot of
etherium groups in the area
so blockchain and stuff is close enough
related there's a lot of overlap between
the people are interested in distributed
systems as well so that that tapping
into that resources thinking about that
in with all the stuff it's I like to
kind of ready aim fire but really the
ready aim we're talking about this
investigation should be small just try
something throw something out there if
you're an organizer it trying not to get
stuck up in the planning of it too much
and just see what happens I think it's
it doesn't have to be anything formal to
begin with it doesn't have to be
something that's super structure I know
that for technical audience we generally
have a lot of that but just just very
casual and see what comes up
much like pink I think we see a lot of
really cool stuff comes out of the
informal space that we go out for us
so then how else can you know while
doing this seeking support right I all
love this blue mister this is if you
wanted to go fast you go alone but if
you really want to go far there are
cities like dreams of a distributed web
come together you gotta go together
right so seek others in the community to
support you as an organizer if you're
gonna do this thing try to find some
cohorts right trying to find people who
want to support you whether it's some
logistics emotional support it's good to
have to write and organizers and allies
because as things grow you're gonna want
to help delegates of this and then I
think that it's really important when
you're thinking about meetups and events
in general is keeping a regular and
appropriate especially for you as an
individual keys right so things that
happen pretty regularly and people can
come kind of come to expect like
whatever this event is for any sense
right so what I think this really gets
down to is what I see from community
building is you get something trust and
belonging really that come from this
caves that you develop and then this
familiarity in this counterpart right
it'll start to know each other and then
what it ultimately comes to is I think
the kicker is this boils right and this
is what we see in like open source in
general as well is that once you bought
into the people like the ideas and the
technology is cool but getting around
fool people like we are here that's what
makes it that's the statement force so
that's why I'm really excited about
building these communities because it
enables us to go through the hard times
together right in that I think that one
thing especially in the online world
right is keeping yourself available as
this organizer this leader online and
regularly accessible right be active
right that's I think the most important
thing that we see is that if you just
present as
organizer as a leader that's that's what
helps everyone to develop all this so
really then to get community off the
ground you gotta do stuff it's hard
right and 100 people to come to their
event and you really don't do the work
personally getting in there and emailing
the 200 people you get a lot of failures
here right and one thing you'll have to
do as a community organizer get used to
is that sense you know you'll try and
we'll try I'll try and not everything
will work but it's okay it's building
towards something so there's a lot of
sweat that goes into this but there in
the end I think it's it's so valuable
because what you get out of this is
great way to get out real nice people's
attention which i think is some of the
most valuable commodities that we all
have right to use it to fuel this dream
that we all can work on together so so
that's it let's go team some of that and
maybe a sense of what organization might
be and why you might want to lead some
of the communities that are here I think
that we can talk about this new tool
which I think Kevin can switch over and
hi I'm Kevin
I personally organized the Hong Kong
IVFs community in Hong Kong and then
they don't we are organised - actually
we're the local chapters other night
where they produce class laughs and in
this bill days I've only got lots of you
know developers here and then people
like to stuff are from Turkey and then
Giroux from France and they were talking
to us like they want to actually start
their local community activist committee
but they just don't know where just
where to start how they stop I think a
whole new school can be there like
really good idea for you to start a
community so what is good in school so
what imposes put a school what our
school is our educational community
talking about the design choice where
political and they have all the online
tutorials how the resources there you
can't go through the tutorials and then
they'd help you if you're the one of the
organizer in your city then you really
want to organize the event and then
maybe demand fair as well and then you
look for more and more Memphis organize
the technical events and it shares
everyone doing the food routers and
anyone went go to photo school so there
are lots of online coupons there they're
mainly about I confessed now that there
will have more content like this camp
they have have you have MPs the diverse
content there and then they've got more
and more talking about it - it will be
and then you can even build your home if
you tell me all this and then just go on
there and check it out and if you
organize
pull the school together with I think an
order organise polo school or you can
organise I canvassed community together
you can use it as a community hub in
your city you will learn and grow your
community bigger and bigger and support
each each other
Mostafa talking to me like Oh or sugar
I'm talking to me man I talked to the
people in my city about IVFs yeah like
all this time seriously like like I had
that spinning one year ago in my in my
city as well so I just stiff and get me
give me a very good advice just go just
do it don't think anything don't thing
off like just go do it and then they
would be the first first advice just do
it and then you will do it step by step
and with all the informations here and
then we are happy that photographing by
the last view this event and it just
however you want to quote the Eternity
city so you can interact people online
let us we actually met each other by
happier go online and then now we see
each other in person that's how we do it
our community like provide not only our
city so and inspires in our own school
is by the law school and then if anyone
have checked out they love school before
and they actually those who is a very
successful project over there for many
years
so talking about the common development
of the polis school so Dan was the first
gentleman to start the events in Denver
and then he had some developers came and
they actually went for the chocolate
stood to cover to get it and then what
did you actually get it matter what you
again Amanda's Mendo a minute or yeah
yeah yeah I got to mentor through some
of these yeah this HFS debating and then
we did a tanker chapter and then the
next one Seattle chapter in in in the in
I think they had their events in May in
May and then they had a song and indeed
it go through all the guitars here in
this thing
we finish our is held in by us it's
different
depends doing a lot of work as well here
he actually creates some of his contact
was wrong so okay go to the Munich
chapter and check off you can enter this
all or open and share to everyone yeah
so if you don't know where how to start
and like where to start you can go check
it out so yes from the side village and
then Hong Kong chapter which I
personally host event there I introduce
the whole school to the community first
and then I actually went into university
doing some I've ever sweat shop or no
one like no student they have no no that
one a little technical background
they're having the dog shame costs they
want to learn more about this and then
so be kind of like maybe like roof and
the landfill for that that when a lot of
our shop mathematics I think we had a
really good food at from the community
university that can may be another good
place for you to start as well so Hong
Kong and then I actually this because
Hong Kong the next chapter will be
shun-chan chunzhen because Hong Kong is
windings to enjoin and then we're not
organized IVFs event in Hong Kong a lot
of people coming from Cham Cham and they
are like asking for like do they have
like old school event here and then we
actually other that's the post event
there as well and in Shanghai was the
other one in China China and then our I
think the shaman is given is not
innovative yeah he's in the can as well
so so they're growing going more and
more chapters and the next chapter will
be the timing the next one the time
thing you see I'm there as well actually
I'm not I'm not the automatic with how
Taipei they organized here full of
photos grab chapter I met a guy from
Taiwan in Hong Kong in some kind
event and then we talk about up here
fast you talk about little school and
then he was interested organizing this
and then I was just okay he's just - no
wait inside I'll just go there check it
out and then come and to like join you
guys so guess I just give him everything
like if you need holiday you can and
then actually I think the Taipei cause
events was even better than those I
organized in my own City we dislike
those people coming for their events
they are all developers they're asking
very very ecology and high-quality
questions and they are very interested
in our campus and their community
centers so then those are I think those
are that's all about the whole
department so let's talk about how do
you initiate for the school your normal
school campus you can go to either the
website to check their website they have
fun you have to can see all the
landscape you fool yeah or just go to
the political theater so you have to go
to those who get up anyways like for
that as well as for you to open the new
chapter
send a request and then and then Terry
will deal with the diversity and then
how you actually bring your polo school
into your know who come in let's say for
us we don't we I had everyone I have its
committee it's easier for me to bring
polar Skua to the audience community but
if your if your city you don't have a
like anything related to a devil I think
the first thing you can like approach
like any prop chain committee or any
technical community like thank you think
that you can make a see for Morehouse
hometown why are there just working on
y'all and I think you know how to much
better or if you if your local city
already have a I've have a community
then you can I mean you can go to me.com
or go to is just right there
you can see all the cities will glow I
like how many ideas community all over
the world so and I was talking about you
can create your own for the school
tutorial so they are some unlikely
colors there already but if you have an
idea for this tutorial then you can just
go to the github and there's some if
submit or I'll be Kratz and then you can
you have all the work you have done and
then just stop it there and then I think
the kid will take a note and then they
will go through the rest of you so see
if there are any similar one there if
they're no then you can submit your new
one so here how actually how do we won
the committee I think you need a lot of
help like with doing the white thing on
the white chat right and then you have
to do some social media it is social
media to help you to come on so the
first thing of course the total school
website and then the other one is there
I have a scale up I've ever seen on if
you haven't been doing some I get its
event a photo ski event and then you go
to github summit the issue and then they
will they will I think they will post it
on your stature or and I mean and it's
the official they will like have some
collaboration with you and then you need
to have for you need to know the photo
school chapter Palooza chapter Twitter
for the collapse of traitor and I think
those are those is social media that for
you to attract people for you I checked
even more people to come to your your
your yummy other you are
event so I think that's it for me yeah
and now we're going to actually one very
quick tutorial
yeah we can show you how we want to a
shout thank the best I think is to have
to have a highlight papaya one doing the
talking will do the talking and we do
and then next you don't necessarily need
their computer we just saw you and then
you can see how the hardest one look at
yeah this is so ever know what this is
somin right cuz I didn't pick this one
no is it the one okay so well this is
the media these tutorials is we're able
to basically it's a walkthrough right
and here we're looking at you know how
do you link to this tutorials down it is
yes reading here we go yeah this is some
of the basics right so as you saw
briefly there on the tutorial thing
would go back there really are in a
small but growing set of lessons in each
one of these different topics and it's
really I guess is Kevin was alluding to
we're soliciting for more people to idea
to give us ideas and also contributes to
you build some beautiful tools so tear a
team to help you actually put in
something when they're about to see
these in support for us so that yeah
here's number one
mr. pilot on renewing okay so in this
tutorial we'll be discovering the IFSP a
V V AG yeah so now we are talking about
us CID SS for the park updated in ideas
so this will be back from this content
so everyone if you want anytime everyone
put on the same like how the world into
the IPS you'll get better
identical CID so and then if they put in
like hollow is not healthy oh well and
then is that it's yeah Lee will be
different so now then we'll show you how
how I think I stopped at a food you get
so here in the tutorial we're able to
see I put in some I want to test it on
submit this is a fun job as you build
tutorials is to predict everything
people are gonna do wrong and right here
messages for all of the most common
thing
so good what am I doing here
so now then just woke up to be trying to
be soft
so now and have to be turning out who's
expecting something different yes
because I need to read the instruction
but so maybe this tool is that I'm able
to be prompted and pushed right in the
right direction very much like gas in
the news hey I got it
what so you can see you'll be saw here
it works and then you can even be in the
ideally yeah the other thing is if you
get stuck right you're able to interact
we look at answers and I don't give you
a sense of what you might be doing wrong
without overriding your work so it's a
very powerful tool additionally
tutorials as well as then you come away
with a little check mark badge it says
yes ma'am hi cheat new stop meet the
correct answer you can keep working on
your stuff and I got to clear my cache
to show something yeah if you click
reset code it's also gonna reset your
status so it's gonna take you back to
having it look like you've never started
yeah so I might be a good UX to say
start over as opposed to reset TV's you
erase submitted and it passed so it you
know yeah
and I want to show like if I change this
one to zero what would happen yeah yeah
that's the kind of thing that you can
log an issue about in the in the repo
that makes up that website and make
suggestions for you acts feel free to
put that in with like an example of the
kind of thing you were trying to do and
what's the other UX that you would have
enjoys me yes please help us make this
thing better so you can all use it to
help fuel like the the meetups that we
all want to see men are owned so that
let's do some prototype design all right
so I think that before we dive into it I
think maybe the seed before is anyone
thought of any ideas about like what was
the key indicators for the things that
you found valuable at meetups like the
one thing this was really good and wipe
out a little bit yeah
does anyone got those see if you maybe
around but we'll go around and grab some
of these Lisa come back absolutely I
think is the one for me too
like most important invaluable things
shines to you it's like this was the so
but from our experience right what do we
know from doing these things a lot great
I do heat up a few tons of mean so I
want to arm you guys with some powerful
things to think about when you're trying
to build your community so in particular
I think that when we see maybe even at
the camp a little bit is trying to hit
maybe too many different people and too
many broad areas at the same time I find
workshops in particular or you got a
hone in you gotta say this is for this
kind of group very beginner very
intermediate or whatever it is on this
topic and make it loud and clear to
everybody
attending that that's exactly what it's
more so because if you try and make it
for everybody
unless that's your intention is just be
a broad scope right it tends to lose a
lot of important leads so target go for
it and and be loud about and then so
when we're thinking about doing work to
get the stuff set up all right you want
to enable people with some of their
topics already to see their ideas to see
some of the stuff phenology is that they
need to succeed at this this is a way
also to kind of self self eat the right
kind of people into whatever your target
and you're on my story and then I think
that when you're designing whatever your
workshop is trying as much as possible
make it all in one package so if you do
some free some free work right that's
fine but whatever the thing is you're
doing at this event just stand alone all
on its own and then enable you to go to
whatever this next step is if it is kind
of loose on both ends then a you and
then so when we're thinking about this
prep work whatever you're going to be
designing don't go and punish the people
actually did it because most people
don't do it but assume that they did
they didn't do all that well but they
kinda did it somewhat some refresh
but don't rehash any of this pre work
again is the expectation to kind of like
say we gave you something to think about
and if you didn't of that we're gonna
move on right when you're thinking about
also designing this content this
all-in-one package as much as possible
try and think of it to make it viral so
this is one of the beauties of protocol
is that these can be reused repackaged
and pushed out along without you having
to organize
do it bunny who did who did the prep
work so the people who did the prep are
give I see a lot of meetups that will
all go to this a week you said you
should do this thing right yeah and
nobody did it okay let's do it together
right now kind of stuff so everybody who
actually I'll get right right if they
come and you right so don't waste
people's time who actually put in the
effort report yeah
just double pressure again everybody
isn't on the same page kind of but but
that's that's we spend small at the
phosphate island and then try to make
your the workshop itself self
constructing right as a matter of fact
like what you'll see again I'm first
school is that that you can walk through
it on your own you don't need a leader
and whatever your workshop is designing
it such that somebody can watch it and
essentially get some resources off
out-of-band from you to do it themselves
right so they can afford it think they
can expand it and then well one thing
that we see a lot of is asynchronous
points so like if I'm giving a technical
talk and we see this in some of the
demos where I working through something
and then we get to a point where we'd
like everyone to come to so if I need
you to achieve some tasks like get this
app running right set up this thing
there's a lot of waiting involved right
it's like the try as much you can to
avoid these asynchronous points in class
all right so you're trying to move
through a flow and whatever your event
is and when you do need these
asynchronous points maybe this is time
to actually move to that extent
so like infertile school we'd have
lessons they're all stepwise pieced out
so they stand alone and that is the
point which you've been break away and
going like learn some more if you need
to get prepped for whatever step two is
so I think that that's right
so as we Illustrated just a moment ago
right having a pilot and a co-pilot
right can be a really powerful tool here
especially if you're doing live coding
somebody can actually going through and
progressing through the workshop as
opposed to speaking through what they're
doing at the same time if it's well
orchestrated it's a very good flow that
really again it you helps your voice in
this asynchronous stuff it's because you
don't have to wait on everybody coming
the same page you as a presenter just
have to wait on your copilot coming at
the same pages you so this is a powerful
tool to help really engage people and
keep everybody on the same page all
right and then one thing that I think
that pearls burst will excuse you never
collapse did really well is giving us a
checklist right which I can point you to
these slides afterwards to go more
particulars about how do you actually
get ready for one of these workshops and
thinking about like all the caveats
really that the key takeaway here is
think about what could possibly go wrong
assume everything is gonna go wrong and
plan for it right right if everything
does go wrong you'll have to have that
available for you well that I think we
want to turn over to fun activities so
we very much like with some of the
things we talked about some these topics
right and thinking about some of these
these things that you brought together
and step on I think you can go over
personal experience is that okay
because what is very important is your
own motivation so kind of what you like
so for instance I make my own exercises
with command line ipfs and thread it off
myself on localhost with localhost and
then of course it's much more fun if you
have some people in the workshop and
they try it then from the leather
I did my own and then you other
experiences but I guess sure you have so
the big thing normally there's a large
swap one thing I take away is over in
here is that the planning and management
of the community and that's within it
can be a lot there's a lot of things and
moving parts to think about but more
than anything that's why we're here this
organizer community of organizers come
and talk to us we'd love to help you and
get you on board to the right kind of
stuff but I think this might be a great
transition into like this activity would
really like do so it's thinking about
this first meetup right so we planned
let's assume that nobody in the area
that's just you you're going down home
but with that concept it's like I want
to start a community and seat it what's
your first meetup don't live life right
and with that in mind I think we have an
interesting aspect to thinking about if
everything can go wrong there's at least
one thing that's gonna go wrong during
this event
so let's how do you prep in what you
think would be
first thing with this cabinet right and
I think here these ideas in mind so
Kevin I think you want to pass around
the yeah yeah so I want to be able to
roughly 555 yeah
pour them tables right so we get a
consolidated view okay so we we thought
that we would take advantage of an
existing already and then try to get
people not only interested in IP of us
but distributed systems in the
distributed web and then we wouldn't
since that we're going into an existing
meetup we don't need to plan for a venue
we can just use their venue and the
outcome would be that we would show them
how to host up their blog on ipfs
and the takeaways would be to continue
to study and how to join the
ipfs meetup if we're going to start
things like that where they can continue
their yes sir our sneak attack scenario
was that your speaker may get to the
event at the last minute and we somebody
wants to talk it or so before you target
technical first we maybe will JavaScript
communities because it's a large group
there's already existing people on there
there's a there's a chance that they're
going to be interested then
peer-to-peer web what we proposed was
actually an initial informal meet a
strain gauge or with and most
interesting people and community meant
be what sort of things that they're
interested that what light might be why
they've come so that we thought were to
target and so we are our suggestion was
a point adjusting their GS less I'm
trying to was they are an international
contacts or people who me
thankfully was just an informal meeting
and somewhere like a cafe or are and
maybe do 10 minute introduction as to
why you'd be interested and any of these
things why you should be excited over to
are then broadening and watching
discussions trying their real interests
and I give this really interested them
harvest your particularly news cases I
think are random a disaster it was
having explicitly targeted really take
accordions
[Music]
technical that's a really tough one
I think our idea was if we're doing our
and portable high-level talk then at
least that's that's giving an overview
which is hopefully useful to everyone
and then I think about what you're
facing whether you're wanting to what
what happens in the next mute operation
can take me to focus on one community or
as of course half the group and the
first meeting you need to add definitely
nature and I think it would be better to
be honest on front as to which decision
you're making and spective like and then
seeing it you know it's probably for
showing up all over there physio some
and here are our resources or
evaluation of things you make me more
interested what do you mean - that's the
devs and save the party merit politics
or take Barcelona
something I I really like when
presenters do it
it's take a little poll at the beginning
of their talk and do like how many
people feel super comfortable with it
stuff that already and II think they
already know everything there is to know
who they're nice and sweet super do just
get a sense for people's own and it
could be technical so even if this is
not the audience you intended you like
you're not gonna remake your whole
presentation in the middle of it but you
can at least like throw in some
translations and tomorrow language in
the middle of whatever is right I think
you bring up a really good point is that
the community might not be what you
think it is for want right and maybe you
aren't all that interested in whatever
aspect is in everybody else's and that's
okay you discover this and follow your
captions because that's the link that's
gonna keep you in so it's just not there
it's not the right time that's okay
you know and let me say it's steering
and guiding people to other resources
that you're aware of
it's good and being honest about that
you don't really care about whatever it
might be
you still created the intersection that
other people are great that's gone do
you see it's very clear all right yeah
and I gonna introduce the how to
organize amitabh Mikey BTS and fun
great and just define like really gonna
organize
IPSS activity oh I think this meetup in
Europe like invading and some very
important point I wrote down here like
at first who is our target we should
think about which target like audience
we can say some audience have taken a
technical paper they can coding they
understand the Internet they understand
that distributed web and we can say also
some audience don't understand they are
more focused on the business like we can
say not not technique and and how to
make adult eyes menteur how to make hot
oven and some people we can say we can
organize some people from the universe P
who studied computer science or IP and
we can see also company and some
communities like we have many
communities online and offline and now
we should choose one place to all this
kind of this kind of pizza on place like
we can say but I found that if you you
have many people from the university or
company you can also choose the
university or company as your place as
your pizza place we can also rent hotel
conference room and we should also think
to think about the food some genes that
mean the drink and most important for
for the infinite we should have a white
one yeah very fast like yeah right yeah
and we can also think about the support
sponsor we sponsor we can call if we
organised ifs activity we can write the
email to the boat over there we're gonna
spread your ideas
talk about it yeah I did cute uu is for
bass right all right and the speaker
speaker is very important at first i as
my my occurs is that I attended the
first iPad has developed meetings
embedding before I'm I was
non-programmer I I didn't do something
calling box after attendee or your
developer meetings in bedding it was the
first development meeting and it was so
attractive your culture and your idea
what you want to do to replace HTTP
protocol to an interplanetary fire
system and I think it is very very
attractive so at first I can I think I
can also act as a speaker in the in the
meeting in Europe or embedding and we
can also invite some people from
protocol and if we have many ways to do
this and a bomb alright and keynote is
also very important what what we are
going to talking about and yeah we have
keynote keynote we can possible own as a
group a piece and the right so feedback
is also very important why the most
important how to maintain that these
needs are or to do it regularly
one month two months or six months a
year and we should think about feedback
is like we can get fit with online like
on Twitter or email or meet up on the
web and also offline we
which if someone is really after
attending this activity is really
interested in we can meet up so this is
my ID and the scenario was that you
messed the organization and there are
double as far people as you expected or
as you can have in that venue and the
idea from my experience is always that
mostly in the companies and they have
always its own beer and that's only not
where the dog is so then you say okay to
half of the pizza way you get with more
than half have your pizza
take your time let us do the other half
our staff and after half of the time we
change it we bring the save pizza again
and so that would be the idea or let's
see how the events for two hours
because Nessen Aereo is case you know
polka-dots gaben gaben Hong Kong Hong
Kong for me lobster and then they were
like two organizers there and then take
on your duty as advertised and in the
community today I was there and then but
they always you know target 450 people
but they were like hundred people here
so yeah depending couldn't the vendor
couldn't I have so many yeah so they
stopped people for going in so I think
it's a very organizing that's organizing
people if I cannot get in this time I
will come back so this will really
happen to you poke about what they have
been named but they are not they want to
organize they ask someone to help so
it's really really happen sorry
through this other to but I know they
started to
about kickback right yes know what
impact is it's this idea that you bombed
some small amount of money into a
meet-up but you get it back with you to
attend but you lose like five dollars or
something like that don't attend what
you say like the rates of veto pen
deserve a cloud minutes from fifty
percent from ninety three percent looks
we should discount so from my experience
three of us that are absolutely free
it's about fifty percent so putting
anything though and this is this is
something I think about literally $1
right is enough to push people away like
yeah it's your heart right in thinking
about you know it's just a dollar in
their head the friction of having to pay
for it
however is like episode account
somewhere I gotta actually bring you
money like it's going to change the
demographic quite a bit so but this
scheme in a mechanism sort of fact is
there there's a really cool aetherium
specific proton is just coming out to
try and get a better Beatrice or tools
are coming I think to help free ish
that's I guess I wasn't sort of
suggesting that every single time you
could do this but similar high value or
a high potential for what there's way
more interested that's your job as an
organizer to kind of make a good
judgment call there and it's just you as
the keynote speaker at the same time it
is okay to to mix it up to you have a
lot of free events and then this is a
highlight events just a little bit of
friction it's like you know it's five
bucks to come or whatever it's a fifty
bucks a pop of course thinking about we
use those funds for but just as a
mechanism to be a cut ranks to just say
how much how much do you care about its
this is also a mechanism about
cryptocurrency it's like I want to make
it free but I want to have this cut for
people it's so it'll be 50 bucks or as a
comfort event which you get 50 bucks in
crypto back for that kind of thing so
it's like if you do the efforts and all
portray yourself like it's just a
suggestion like if your pending your
first ever event I suggest you do it
free because it's the first one if
you're charging people for the first one
then you will have no second I'd also
really recommend that if you ever leave
it a paid event that you offer
scholarships like have a way as people
are applying to come that they can
request a scholarship so that you're not
potentially excluding the segment of
your potential audience a lot of times
the people who are having those
financial troubles or the people who are
already not represented enough in the
room in like so if it is a higher amount
of value putting a slips right because
they re covering costs well that for our
sponsors covering costs with that like
who's who's actually paying for the
thing and if you can get it such that
it's just a friction mechanism to try
myself I select people and yeah all
those funds can be used directly to like
others you know if you go into enough
effort to ask nicely this is a crazy
idea but people live up from all
together it's a loss lotteries it's such
a like a kickback but then the interest
so it's locked up for like 30 days and
it generates a lot of interest sitting
there that that is a lottery that good
like scholarships potentially that way
everybody it's free for everybody to
come they have a friction to show
they're interested and then you get fun
people out of that as well without even
charlie
what they're doing in Munich is that
they announce the event but in that's a
ten days you will have you can register
then so if you're not interested you
will forget your dressing you oh I have
to and then